docs: add README (#5)
ratify-project/.github: GOVERNANCE.md

- Controlling access to Ratify assets such as source repositories, hosting, project calendars
- Deciding what subprojects are part of the Ratify project
- Deciding on the creation of new subprojects
- Overseeing the resolution and disclosure of security issues
- Managing financial decisions related to the project

Changes to org owners use the following:

- Any subproject owner is eligible for a position as an org owner
- No one company or organization can employ a simple majority of the org owners
- An org owner may step down by submitting an [issue][ratify-issues-new] stating their intent and they will be moved to emeritus.
- Org owners MUST remain active on the project. If they are unresponsive for > 6 months they will lose org ownership unless a [super-majority][super-majority] of the other org owners agree to extend the period to be greater than 6 months
- When there is an opening for a new org owner, any current owners may nominate a suitable subproject owner as a replacement
  - Nominations for new owners must be made by creating an [issue][ratify-issues-new].
- When nominated individual(s) agrees to be a candidate for ownership, the subproject owners may vote

>   - The voting period will be open for a minimum of three business days and will remain open until a super-majority of project owners has voted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The voting period will be open for a minimum of three business days and will remain open until a [two-thirds supermajority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote) of project owners has voted
```

Reviewer: [two-thirds supermajority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote) might be a more accurate definition to the "super-majority"

  - Only current org owners are eligible to vote via casting a single vote each via a +1 comment on the nomination issue

>   - Once a [super-majority][super-majority] has been reached the owner elect must complete [onboarding](#onboarding-a-new-owner) prior to becoming an official Ratify owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Once a [two-thirds supermajority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote) has been reached the owner elect must complete [onboarding](#onboarding-a-new-owner) prior to becoming an official Ratify owner.
```
